swainsons hawk
eastern bluebird
northern cardinal
ash-throated flycatcher
barn owl
mallard
wild turkey
great horned owl
blue-winged warbler
cedar waxwing
killdeer
house finch
white-breasted nuthatch
ring-billed gull
stellers jay
sandhill crane
snowy egret
red crossbill
mourning dove
greater roadrunner
mississippi kite
red-winged blackbird
western meadowlark
american crow
inca dove
violet-green swallow
roseate spoonbill
pine siskin
rose-breasted grosbeak
red-tailed hawk
northern harrier
barred owl
bairds sparrow
baltimore oriole
chipping sparrow
cerulean warbler
lazuli bunting
red-breasted nuthatch
ruddy duck
purple martin
common loon
bobolink
blue jay
mountain bluebird
hermit thrush
yellow-headed blackbird
dickcissel
ruby-throated hummingbird
greater prairie-chicken
bewicks wren
forsters tern
loggerhead shrike
atlantic puffin
prothonotary warbler
chihuahuan raven
peregrine falcon
american coot
king rail
spotted sandpiper
northern mockingbird
pygmy nuthatch
indigo bunting
osprey
cassins finch
clarks nutcracker
blue grosbeak
barn swallow
burrowing owl
white crowned sparrow
horned lark
black tern
common merganser
american woodcock
annas hummingbird
bald eagle
says phoebe
california quail
bells vireo
eastern phoebe
white-faced ibis
yellow-billed cuckoo
american white pelican
great blue heron
grasshopper sparrow
savannah sparrow
common nighthawk
scissor-tailed flycatcher
great egret
barrows goldeneye
bark-eyed junco
bushtit
american avocet
eastern screech-owl
purple gallinule
yellow-rumped warbler
brown pelican
northern flicker
spotted towhee
pied-billed grebe
ruby-crowned kinglet
clarks grebe
whooping crane
northern shoveler
tufted titmouse
brewers blackbird
common raven
eastern kingbird
california condor
northern bobwhite
red-bellied woodpecker
black-billed magpie
chestnut-collared longspur
western tanager
wilsons snipe
golden eagle
trumpeter swan
black-crowned night-heron
hooded warbler
canada goose
spotted owl
franklins gull
cassins sparrow
red-shouldered hawk
lincolns sparrow
black skimmer
spragues pipit
brown-headed cowbird
blue-gray gnatcatcher
song sparrow
turkey vulture
house wren
fish crow
red-cockaded woodpecker
downy woodpecker
mountain chickadee
common yellowthroat
anhinga
hooded merganser
green heron
common grackle
black-necked stilt
belted kingfisher
tree swallow
bronzed cowbird
yellow-bellied sapsucker
black vulture
american robin
double-crested cormorant
red-eyed vireo
chimney swift
american kestrel
great crested flycatcher
black-bellied whistling-duck
pileated woodpecker
carolina wren
wood duck
acorn woodpecker
ferruginous hawk
wood stork
painted bunting
american goldfinch
willet
carolina chickadee
juniper titmouse
red-headed woodpecker
american oystercatcher
coopers hawk
american bittern
grey catbird
yellow-breasted chat